Updates for "Why Accessibility" page (#8766)
GoogleChrome/web.dev: src/site/content/en/learn/accessibility/why/index.md

* _Examples_: Arthritis, paralysis, amputees, seizure disorders.
* _Prevalence_: 1 in 7 people have mobility issues. ([Source](https://www.cdc.gov/media/releases/2018/p0816-disability.html#:~:text=One%20in%204%20U.S.%20adults,affects%201%20in%207%20adults.))
* _Tools include_: Adaptative switches, eye tracking devices, mouth/head sticks, speech input.
* _Pain points_: Elements that are only designed to work with the use of a mouse.

<blockquote>

>   <p>"Accessibility isn't just for people with disabilities. I had elbow surgery and it temporarily changed how I managed my daily digital activities."</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <p>"Accessibility isn't just for people with disabilities. I had elbow surgery, and it temporarily changed how I managed my daily digital activities."</p>
```

* _Tools include_: Augmentative and alternative communication (AAC) and speech-generating devices.
* _Pain points_: Voice-activated technology such as smart home devices and apps.

<blockquote>

>   <p>"My son has a lisp due to dyspraxia. He will say “seep” rather than “sheep” or “fower” rather than “flower”. It is sweet but he gets so frustrated by voice activated software. One example is our new car uses voice activation to interact with a phone. Often if we are together my husband will send us a WhatsApp message. The car will read it out but when it asks us if we want to reply my son's reply is not understood. He gets so upset he now whispers the message to me so I can say it for the reply."</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <p>"My son has a lisp due to dyspraxia.
He will say "seep" rather than "sheep" or
"fower" rather than "flower". It is sweet,
but he gets so frustrated by voice-activated
software.</p>
<p>Our new car uses voice activation to
interact with a phone. Often if we are
together, my husband will send us a
WhatsApp message. The car will read it
out loud, but when it asks us if we want
to reply, my son's reply is not understood.
He gets so upset... he now whispers the
message to me so I can say it for the
reply."</p>
```
